Update project metadata (readme, license, setup.py, etc) (#11)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool_sample_data: README.md

Data can be loaded using the following command for daily or monthly timeseries data.

```python
import esmvaltool_sample_data

# load monthly air temperature timeseries data
ts_amon_cubes = load_timeseries_cubes(mip_table='Amon')

# load daily air temperature timeseries data
ts_day_cubes = load_timeseries_cubes(mip_table='day')
```

## config-user.yml

If you want to use this dataset in your ESMValTool projects, add the following lines to your `config-user.yml`:

```yaml
rootpath:
  CMIP6: <path_to_repository>/esmvaltool_sample_data/data/timeseries/default_inputpath

drs:
  CMIP6: default
```

If you have installed `esmvaltool_sample_data`, you can find the `rootpath` using `python -c 'from esmvaltool_sample_data import base_dir; print(base_dir.parent)'`

## Licence

This work is licensed under Apache 2.0 (code) and CC-BY-SA 4.0 (data).
All data files in the directory ([`esmvaltool_sample_data/data/`](esmvaltool_sample_data/data/)) are derived from CMIP6.
The licensing agreements governing CMIP6 data depend on the model but generally conform to CC-BY-SA 4.0, see the [CMIP6 Terms of Use](https://pcmdi.llnl.gov/CMIP6/TermsOfUse) for more detailed information.

> not specified otherwise, is licenced under Apache 2.0. The terms of the

Reviewer: It looks like the start of this sentence is missing

# Sample data for use with ESMValTool

This repository will contain samples of real data for use with [ESMValTool](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool) for demonstration purposes and automated testing.
The goal is to keep the repository size small (~ 100 MB), so it can be easily downloaded. We strive to include data that adhere well to the CMIP6 standard and can be loaded using simple [iris](https://github.com/SciTools/iris) commands.

At present, the repository contains 44 monthly, and 35 daily timeseries datasets. The specifications can be found in [`datasets.yml`](esmvaltool_sample_data/datasets.yml).

## Usage

The functionality of this repository is kept simple.

Data can be loaded using the following command for daily or monthly timeseries data.

```python
import esmvaltool_sample_data

> # load monthly timeseries data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# load monthly air temperature timeseries data
```

ts_amon_cubes = load_timeseries_cubes(mip_table='Amon')

> # load daily timeseries data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# load daily air temperature timeseries data
```

ts_day_cubes = load_timeseries_cubes(mip_table='day')
```

## config-user.yml

If you want to use this dataset in your ESMValTool projects, add the following lines to your `config-user.yml`:

```yaml
rootpath:
  CMIP6: <path_to_repository>/esmvaltool_sample_data/data/timeseries/default_inputpath

drs:
  CMIP6: default
```

If you have installed `esmvaltool_sample_data`, you can find the `rootpath` using `python -c 'from esmvaltool_sample_data import base_dir; print(base_dir.parent)'`

## Updating the test data

Create and activate conda environment with the required dependencies
```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml -n esmvaltool_test_data
conda activate esmvaltool_test_data
```

Copy [`config.yml.template`](config.yml.template) to `config.yml` and customize, at least add your
ESGF username and password.
Create an account on [https://esgf-data.dkrz.de/user/add/](https://esgf-data.dkrz.de/user/add/) if you do not have one.

Run
```bash
python download_sample_data.py
```
to download a sample of the test data.

> [`esmvaltool_sample_data/datasets.yml`](esmvaltool_sample_data/datasets.yml) defines the datasets that will be downloaded. Any datasets that are problematic can be added under `ignore`.

Reviewer: This would be more suitable for the CONTRIBUTING.md file

## Licence

> This work is dual-licensed under Apache 2.0 and CC-BY-SA 4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This work is licensed under Apache 2.0 (code) and CC-BY-SA 4.0 (data).
```
because the current wording suggests that all files can be used under either license, which is not the case

> All data files in the directory ([`esmvaltool_sample_data/data/`](esmvaltool_sample_data/data/)) are derived from CMIP6,
> and licenced under CC-BY-SA 4.0. The rest of the contents of this work, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All data files in the directory ([`esmvaltool_sample_data/data/`](esmvaltool_sample_data/data/)) are derived from CMIP6.
The licensing agreements governing CMIP6 data depend on the model but generally conform to CC-BY-SA 4.0, see the [CMIP6 Terms of Use](https://pcmdi.llnl.gov/CMIP6/TermsOfUse) for more detailed information.
```
